1. problem - if done properly, care plans take about 30 minutes. things missed. admin paperwork burden. | cliniciq solution - use best practice to auto populate templates that nurses and clinicians can feed to a careplan generator. done in 30 seconds, ready to copy paste to best practice template. structured and also covers, preventative care which can be done opportunistically in every visit. quick plans, possibilty for on the spot generations -> more revenue
2. problem - poor pipqi scores, allergies not recorded, hypertensive patients with no bp record, diabetes with no hba1c. in charge "just check everyone and we're good" | cliniciq solution - targeted approach to avoid burn outs and wasted efforts. imagine for example we have 1000 patients and we have 30 of them affecting the scores. you could have done 970 checks but didnt move the score a bit. use pencs data and analytics systems to target 30 and consider others done as bonuses. good scores could translate to more revenue as official has confirmed changes to happen around pipqi. they currently give away $50000 per practice for merely being part of the program but this will change soon.
3. problem - poor traction for health assessments and careplans and other services, patients usually dont know what these are and that they may be eligible. made up surveys to comply with agpal acceditation requirements | cliniciq solution - use qr technology to compel patients in the waitroom or wherever in the practice that informs them of what they may be eligible for. same system can collect genuine surveys to that alert managers and in charge if anything needs attention. more patient awareness of services and good review system -> more revenue
4. problem - tasks missed, monthly checks missed, room restocking sometimes happens sometimes dont, unorganised and heavy as everyone has to remember things to do | cliniciq solution - have centralised task manager that everyone accesses, allocate new tasks to members, recurring or one off adhocs, see who did what and who hasnt done what. organised tasks and workflow, no steps missed -> avoids lost = revenue
5. problem - stocks running out, patient push backs, expired vaccines administered to patients, inefficient ordering strategies. | clicniq solution - smart stock manager, easier to work alongside with best practice. use air data to record entries in bulk. get email/sms alerts on expiring stocks, running low stocks. generate ai insights . cut on patient push backs and 100% stock reliability -> mroe revenue
6. problem - lots of repetitive typing, notes on billings, workcover notes etc. .people can forget things and sometimes have to ask questions and they need reliable answers | cliniciq solution - use a local html file to simulate auto copy of preconfigured notes. connect same to a rag agent that is expert on company policies and faq that you can talk to the same way you talk to a person. no need to be looking for anybody to ask questions. -> saves time = money